okay come on okay with popcorn come on
popcorn because I can't eat
popcorn Well one day yes I can one day yes I
can okay Well it's not a diet but
popcorn is not worth it listen to me come on Edson
one day such But well the gossip is that I
can't contain myself because I have
high energy that I love this topic
but it kind of relaxes me and I don't like it
you know the alseicos want us to get
into the subject Because it is still it is
on networks because on television the
Marta riesgo topic Here I have right now
a cover that is precisely from
today Marta riesgo asks the police for help
after her fierce attack on Telecinco to
take action
criminals are calling the police
Marta let's
see, I have to specify
that for my own mental good I have
disappeared from Instagram for a few weeks
so unless you see it Twitter I don't
watch Instagram I don't know if in the last few
hours she has uploaded something to Instagram but The
strange thing is that if it has been like that our
dear people here have not
uploaded it to Twitter because I would have seen it
and I have not seen it let's see let's see Look, I'm
wearing Javi, really  I feel the old lady
of the viral curtain never a photocall of
an inauguration of a bullfighting event
gave so much really Or rather My mission
I remember that it was usmea Victoria
Federica follows her Look to see what she does what she does
n't say what she smells where
Ortega Cano Manzanares goes but no Of course if
the main gossip comes together in
these two ladies of our hearts
Well of course We have to divide the truth
that it was it was very hard in parts by
parts
your speech in sálvame they haven't published it
no they haven't put it they haven't put my
speech that my speech was about
Marta Because Cris asked me and such which
is the same thing that I have told here
Exactly the same thing that has been found
here they have not published I
don't know or I don't remember if Cristina
asked other colleagues also about
this subject I think so but what happens
is that almost nobody agreed I think I did
n't notice much when she
asked me because it was a bit there yes no yes
no and yes it is true
that this throughout the week both
colleagues and on networks want to
know again what it is  it really happened and
people force you that today by the way my
blog tomorrow is Marta's and I
recommend that if you want to read it
because
written it sounds better reflected that gives
more pause than she spoke and
I'm getting nervous and
calm. Let's see why you think they didn't
publish it on sálvame your speech
because no because they cut the topic she doesn't have
more balls of course the topic I see I
know that the next day the
topic was going to be on at first but
what happened in the end is that only
Chris's report was
obviously broadcast that report was highly
edited and it was cut
I read on Twitter today that besides that
I saw it and it wasn't like that that the
intro that she made because then they make
the reports have the
main intro we are not staying they
did it at the end not at the beginning because I do
n't know who said it is that during the
intro it was already provoking I don't know what no
the intro was done at the end
both of them at the end of the report well
doing this this impasse that what I
wanted to clarify is that
obviously it was cut by an order let's
see is that  let's see how I explain all
my conversations my talks what
happened after our live stream let's see
how I explain it so people
understand because I feel like
this topic seems like a state issue I mean
really I'm telling you I don't know whether to laugh
cry Yes light this cigarette
that's been out for half an hour or I don't know
How to get through life or how to
literally go bald because it's just no no
Laugh laugh Javi Because it's To
laugh is to talk about Marta riesgo and on
Twitter it seems like
a tsunami I mean you can't say
absolutely anything for one side or the
other and they force you to take a position and
think how they want even
Marta herself and I'm going to say it I had
a conversation with her the other day
after the live stream
I'm going to make a reflection I don't know whether to
tell Now that conversation or to have the
conversation you're going to call it a
conversation I'm not going to call it a
discussion something that I don't understand and something
that has made me feel bad that now
right away I'm really going to tell it I mean
after our live stream Yes at
one thirty in the morning Marta riesgo
gets in touch with you because she didn't  I
liked what you said on our show,
yeah
then of course, let's
see, basically what I said is what I
saw, it's exactly what I saw
there, besides, it's what I
explain. Tomorrow on the blog, what need do I have
to say one thing, to say another,
well I said what I saw, what I saw was that
when we arrived, in the first place,
the two of them were behind the photocall
to do their job, which wasn't to pose, it was
n't to be interviewed but to
interview, and it was Cristina Porta
who asked Marta about the cover and
about personal things, and that was when
Marta, if there isn't another Marta,
as soon as she saw that she was being asked, and as
soon as she saw the microphone on Sálvame, sorry,
sorry, a question, I
challenge you to Ibai's evening
[Laughter] I
love evenings, eh.
Who, maybe I touched up, and in Marta, I
'm in, I'm understanding you, yes, I'm
understanding you, at this point, I'm not
mixing up too much, brat today, eh. No, but I
'm understanding you, I'm understanding you,
just like they were, they were going to leave, Lola
Indigo, and I don't know.  who didn't get along
I'm unifying the topic because if not I
'll go crazy Okay then the tone was
heated no
the tone was WhatsApp or it was a call it was
WhatsApp it was WhatsApp it was WhatsApp look no I didn't
want to tell either I'm not going
to tell the read the conversation as usual
no but yes it's true that man I don't
want to read it either I'm going to tell it
but I don't want to read it but because I'm
going to do it in a cigarette that I want to
make it very clear that I am the
presenter eh so Marta can
come up at any time And if she wants to
talk to me I would love it I would
love for Marta to come in
Because I think that by debating
people understand each other and I think one of
Marta's problems
that is evidently it is clear that
here right now Marta is not well and I am
not a psychologist and this is merely
advice from a colleague because Also I think
I am one of the few colleagues who
has not spoken badly about her
is that sincerely it is that it is like that I mean
and I think that neither is that I do not
speak badly either that is why I tell you no but it's that
even if I had spoken badly I would always
do it not badly but critical in some
way it would always be from the no
So I think that Marta the problem
that she has is that I understand, I understand in a
certain way everything that she carries behind
but I think that her ways
make her lose her mind many times and
in this case with me I think that she has
gone overboard and when they don't tell her everything
that she wants to hear and when with her
universal truth or what she feels
is not what she hears or she doesn't feel supported
by everyone Well I think that she doesn't take it
very well and I think that she has to
learn to do self-criticism, to reflect
a little and not me Because she told me to
reflect so I urge
her to reflect and that not everything is white
and not everything is black and that I think that her
ways and there are things that were not
correct just as I continue to think about
things that I have seen on social networks the
other day my colleagues were laughing at her
videos on social networks crying and I
said to me they don't make me laugh at all
because I don't find those videos funny
because because maybe I would have
said I would have counted to three and I would not
have uploaded those videos on the verge of
an anxiety attack because I
froze writing it in fact but it's not that
either  you can do nothing but I
was frozen like I would not have
shared that because by sharing that you
are showing yourself or rather sadly
vulnerable and sadly
social media is going to go all out and that's what
has happened on social media especially
on Twitter that I have seen not
everyone but it is like that so I have seen that I have
said this I am telling it
as if we were having a coffee I say
this woman ended up
today in the emergency room with a panic attack
with a bad attack because it is that and I
saw her I look at it the same as I said that the day
of the photocall of Rocío Flores at
José's congress there in Barcelona I freaked out
with Marta positively I think that during
these months I don't know all this that she has
accumulated she is surpassing to
points that she does not know how to manage that she
manages poorly with people that in quote marks we
can feel a minimum
appreciation a minimum empathy with her and
that I understand I understand that you see as her
enemies
the people who are, I think she is making a
mistake but I understand that people do
not see it that way because people see it as a
spectator but on a professional level I think
the way of
doing it is making a mistake look that I have been  Kamikaze
too, eh, but I think she's also being that way,
that she goes with her truth,
maybe, I don't know, I'm not
arguing that, but I think it's not the
way or the place on the networks or telling
about the photocopies, that if I don't
take away her reason at the bottom of what she
says but the way, I don't know what drives her
or what drives her to do that, who or I
think she's making a mistake and it makes me
sad because I've always said that
Marta is a very good professional, I think she's a
very good reporter, I think she's very
good and I think she's even the best of
those on that program and it
's not, it's not like, you're from Team Marta, you
're from Team No, it's not about teams, it's not about teams, it's not
this, no, I don't think it's a
matter of colors either, it's a
matter of being consistent and what Marta
has are so many insecurities that she
constantly has the need to upload
to her social networks, look how she supports me, I do
n't know who. Thank you, colleagues, for, like, proving me right, she
needs to feel
supported, it made me feel like
everyone agrees with her and I think that more,
more than love  That she feels for Antonio
David she must have more self-love that is
what she lacks because she has many
insecurities And if she got rid of them because she
has talent She has a thousand things in her favor it would
go much better for her and if the network took over
the one that is there and if she doesn't want to
take it on then she should change because
unfortunately there And although she hasn't done
exclusives And although she hasn't done
reality shows she is on the network that is there and that
is the game then if it is not worth it it
is better to retire and that is how it is and it is
sad but that is how it is okay don't
tell the discussion yet we will leave it for
a little while okay Okay I am going to
add my opinion to yours and we will take
steps if it seems to you Lorena edo we
have her down here and she wants to come up to
express something when when she finishes
Lorena tells your discussion while
people are giving her things here listen to me
Hey hey no no no here 1,250
likes no no dear
me look I
more or less agree with you on
some things with my nuances no I mean I
am completely with Marta on that
subject in everything that has happened to her because
I think that rosal moving I think that
you  They put up a little sign in the
company's bathroom This is Marta's bathroom and
well anyway not to mention save me from
Jorge Javier from all the, I mean I
put myself in her shoes
on that day okay I could put myself in her shoes on
many days but I put myself in
her shoes on those days I'm there
excited doing my job like
always the best I can chatty
as she is and all that no and now you have
the company there the program that is
crushing you that is crushing you that is
bullying you that
is trampling on you that is in
legal trouble slandering your partner and
all that Jessica in the end it is a
personal issue even if it is your partner's
for me my partner's problems are
mine okay They are the ones who start
the provocation how are you dressed that you
have no education that you are not
professional why are you dressed up
that you are not the protagonist that you
are not well that I don't know what I am a bit of a
hot and then cold Maybe I
say host Well it's true I should have
acted differently  they would have me there
that I would have I would have been more
respectable Maybe keep quiet whatever it
is but I think that when it comes down to it I
bite the jugular too you know
how I am now well apart from that is worth it in
that totally with Marta and and what I think that is that I
think that Marta is right
in everything she is saying she is
right Me too and to say whatever no no no but
but Sorry to
interrupt your discussion I
'm not telling you that she's not right what
I'm saying is that on a professional level
saying things about Borja Prado operation
deluxe live carries the
consequences that she is paying or I mean it's
as if on YouTube I don't care
or I mean Understand me that but
she intended or I mean I want to tell you she
intended for them to be heard when they
were asking her live she
wanted to appear live to
mention the operation of light Well with
many times as Rosario
Mohedano intends or as other people intend
then that plays against her I speak to you
on a professional level at the
spectator level I also applaud it you understand me
Of course of course of course it's that in the end
no  clap is that let's see if you
're messing with you or rather there's one if I
understand if I don't understand I
understand that there's one thing I don't
understand Marina if we were talking
maybe about a more serious medium a
more serious magazine or whatever but we're
talking about three five the
content is what it is the content
is the gossip two collaborators fight well they
have each other's hair more
content for a week to me the
fact that the two of them form El pollo and they
fight the conflict on top of that it was
started by Cristina Porta and the one they
take off camera is Marta and
not the other one is something I don't understand I
give like when Javi reads my
messages telling you beautiful if I say
beautiful he gets excited a kiss neco Thank you
so much you know what I'm saying I mean because there's
one thing that I don't get is that they
fire Marta
make a photocopy that many people haven't
fired her they have put those photocopies the
first step to get you fired is like they do
n't  they are going to fire me I know why or maybe for
reasons of contract
well contract and because I think
not the same as when the
pink apartarantana they are not interested in having her out or
Marta also as an enemy and for example
Marta Understand the fact that I say that
people may see it in another
way but the fact that Marta for
example they say her Instagram made of
photocopies the production company doesn't like that
we like it I understand yes I
understand her sincerity but that
sincerity professionally in
such a large production company has
consequences the fact that she says I'm going to
write a book to talk like Yes
but the thing is that all of that is threatening to them
then Borja Prado as
much as his ideals do not agree with
Sálvame can think This girl is
giving me problems I'm talking to you as a vision of
him this person is giving me problems get
away let's get this out of here Cristina
Porta Sálvame in the end it's the same old thing
but you already know how it works but of
course then where she puts her foot in it
is in mentioning Borja Prado and operation
deluxe of course And of course and
she hadn't mentioned Borja Prado and
operation one they throw her out No, I'm going to
see, see, see
beyond that, her reactions on
social networks recording Cristina Porta
mentioning that subject mentioning you I
want to tell you mentioning it about Alexia
about Belén Esteban that I'm not
saying that she's not right I repeat but
that I maybe as an expert to have
been kamikan too I would have
saved it for her own good you understand for her
professional and personal good look how
Look at the result it has compensated you ole
Marta man Because because the skin is the
aunt goes with two balls it has compensated you
Look how she is Look how Marta is what I would
advise her is to get off the
networks since you've been off for a while Now
leave Instagram
let's try here so that people
understand it clearly not to put
compare Telecinco your work your company
on TV with any other job
Maybe in a supermarket in a
factory or whatever So you go
and do your job okay But if you
stand in the door I heard this the
other day I don't know if it was Mike  or something I
understood very well let's see if you are like
your boyfriend Imagine that you are
working at a Carrefour and your partner
stands at the door of the Carrefour with
a megaphone saying
These are criminals don't buy from them and
don't buy here at this Carrefour because
these are criminals in the end even if
the problems are between your partner and the
company Let's see no, that's going to get you angry
Marta has paid and is paying the
consequences of having fallen in love with
Antonio David Flores For two years, I
mean, it's so obvious it's very difficult to
separate it, it's very difficult to separate it, sometimes it
's impossible people are going to kill me for
this comment but look, look at what I'm
going to say, it has
really compensated him I mean not
understanding me understand me with this
comment
is that I mean love can do anything it's
clear that nobody no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
no
and when her partner leaves we bring her to
sálvame we bring her to reality so she talks
badly about her partner no no no no no no no no no no no that's not what
I'm talking about  I don't
mean that, I want to tell you
Marta, in Marta, before it was
publicly known that she
was with Antonio David, she
was a collaborator, she was a reporter, she
commented on things about this issue, okay, as a result of, as a
result of the famous As
x issue, we know about X, she disappeared as a
collaborator, that is, due to an issue related
to Antonio David, she disappeared like the
tail as a collaborator, she disappeared from
Ana Rosa's program, at the party, she
disappeared, she was in the offices of
only, okay, they weren't in the Mediaset offices, she
returned to Mediaset, she returned to the party and
now she's back again without doing
live shows, without making screen time, tc, and all because of,
obviously, the harassment that she has
suffered for being a couple,
obviously not coercing, no, she's not going to
stop being with the person she
loves, for agreeing to blackmail,
then obviously not, yes, the heavy thing is how
far they
can really go on a
television program because it's heavy
to destroy you in this way, but we
all have that. Of course, but for me,
the way of managing it is what I do
n't really like. I also tell you
this is a very daring value judgment.
Because you would have to see yourself in that situation.
Because if I, who was a very important
part at the time with Rocio
Carrasco, was so alive with
anxiety attacks, lost and dying, I don't
want to imagine Marta, it's not easy,
but I think that what
Marta should do is, I swear, stay
away from everything for a while, but
everything is everything, not watching anything, not networks, not
magazines, not anything, and for brands, it's very
complicated. Marta is very aware of
everyone, always reaching a conclusion,
reducing it, reducing it a lot, okay,
before giving way to Elena, to Lorena,
but a
conclusion like that, very quickly, I don't know if you
will agree
if Marta is at risk of
a future as a couple with Antonio
David, is it not compatible with working at
Telecinco,
but of course it is, but well, it is not
compatible. Now I think that at some
point this story is going to be given
a Volt, then we will talk about how
the events
of Hurricane Rocio Carrasco are evolving, but let's go
right now. Of course it is not
compatible, of course, it's as if I do
n't know what example to give you, I can't think of a
clear example,
Antonio David with the war he has with
Telecinco, how will his  couple
working There is that in the end for one on
one side on the other it will end up that it
will not break the working relationship and that I
say that I did not see the other day
when we spoke on the live broadcast I had not
seen what had happened on the
set and it seems to me an embarrassment the
comments of the master Joao of the other, I
mean it seemed to me an absolute embarrassment
they were not going to get a cut from Cano
nor Gloria will talk about it, they were not going to
talk to them before
El Torero approached they were already that if the
glasses that if there were you how smiling he
comes and we are going to change his face as
soon as we show him this cover that yes how
horrible How is he dressed I mean
Gloria Camila was not going to attend to them
apart from that they already start
to provoke Marta insulting her it is
not that Marta answers her for me the
point is that she mentions Borja Prado and
light surgery That is where she that Of
course in your hot moment I understand
that you do not think about the consequences
and you do not control yourself the same as later
looking at it in hindsight but I believe that
without those two points there is nothing  that I can't
blame Marta without those two
points,
no, but that's why I'm telling you that I think it's
the way I also tell you that the people
here are like You're being unfair to
Marta, no, maybe it's that I know
Marta much more than the people who are
writing here and I
think I'm being quite correct with her What does it
mean that I'm not one of those people who
bleed people dry and I'm not
characterized by that but well, not
everything is what gold is what glitters
okay, it's that I find people very funny,
well, one person who wanted to
talk about Marta and who apparently has
a lot to say and wanted to come up
tonight to give us her opinion or to
tell us something I don't know entirely, let it be
clear here, by allusions or
whatever, here anyone can upload
our program eh Marina, that is, here
Any character, any person
who is watching our program and
suddenly wants to raise their hand, here
we are, I want to tell you that I've already
told you Javi that people from the TV watch us
eh They write to me, I don't know if it's
because I retweet them, in this one I've
given myself
more  sweatshirt today because I was today because
I was
a little more exhausted and I don't do live
on the couch at home chilling out.
By the way, you look so pretty, Lorena
[Music]